
1xx: Informational – Communicates transfer protocol-level information.
2xx: Success – Indicates that the client’s request was accepted successfully.
3xx: Redirection – Indicates that the client must take some additional action in order to complete their request.
4xx: Client Error – This category of error status codes points the finger at clients.
5xx: Server Error – The server takes responsibility for these error status codes.

Status Code
Description
200 OK
Indicates that the request has succeeded.
201 Created
Indicates that the request has succeeded and a new resource has been created as a result.
202 Accepted
Indicates that the request has been received but not completed yet. It is typically used in log running requests and batch processing.
203 Non-Authoritative Information
Indicates that the returned meta information in the entity-header is not the definitive set as available from the origin server, but is gathered from a local or a third-party copy. The set presented MAY be a subset or superset of the original version.
204 No Content
The server has fulfilled the request but does not need to return a response body. The server may return the updated meta information.
205 Reset Content
Indicates the client to reset the document which sent this request.
206 Partial Content
It is used when the Range header is sent from the client to request only part of a resource.
207 Multi-Status (WebDAV)
An indicator to a client that multiple operations happened, and that the status for each operation can be found in the body of the response.
208 Already Reported (WebDAV)
Allows a client to tell the server that the same resource (with the same binding) was mentioned earlier. It never appears as a true HTTP response code in the status line, and only appears in bodies.
226 IM Used
The server has fulfilled a GET request for the resource, and the response is a representation of the result of one or more instance-manipulations applied to the current instance.


https://restfulapi.net/http-status-codes/#1xx
